Update install report path (#553)
appsignal/appsignal-nodejs: packages/nodejs/.changesets/update-install-report-path.md

---
bump: "patch"
type: "change"
---

> Update install report path location. The "nodejs" package now stores the install report in its own package path, with the rest of the extension files. This makes it easier accessible by the diagnose report.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update install report path location. The "nodejs" package now stores the install report in its own package path, with the rest of the extension files. This makes it easier to access by the diagnose report.
```

(or "more easily accessible")
